abase,abases,abasing,abased
abate -> abates,abating,abated?abase,abases,abasing,abased
abate -> abates,abating,abated?abase,abases,abasing,abased
abate -> abates,abating,abated?abase,abases,abasing,abased
abate -> abates,abating,abated?abase,abases,abasing,abased
abate -> abates,abating,abated?abase,abases,abasing,abased
abate -> abates,abating,abated?abase,abases,abasing,abased
abate -> abates,abating,abated?abase,abases,abasing,abased
abate -> abates,abating,abated?abase,abases,abasing,abased
abate -> abates,abating,abated?abase,abases,abasing,abased
abate -> abates,abating,abated?abase,abases,abasing,abased
abate -> abates,abating,abated?abase,abases,abasing,abased
abate -> abates,abating,abated?abase,abases,abasing,abased
abate -> abates,abating,abated?abase,abases,abasing,abased
abate -> abates,abating,abated?abase,abases,abasing,abased
abate -> abates,abating,abated?abase,abases,abasing,abased
abate -> abates,abating,abated?abase,abases,abasing,abased
abate -> abates,abating,abated?abase,abases,abasing,abased
abate -> abates,abating,abated?abase,abases,abasing,abased
abate -> abates,abating,abated?abase,abases,abasing,abased
abate -> abates,abating,abated?abase,abases,abasing,abased
abate -> abates,abating,abated?abase,abases,abasing,abased
abate -> abates,abating,abated?abase,abases,abasing,abased
abate -> abates,abating,abated?abase,abases,abasing,abased
abate -> abates,abating,abated?abase,abases,abasing,abased
abate -> abates,abating,abated?abase,abases,abasing,abased
abate -> abates,abating,abated?abase,abases,abasing,abased
abate -> abates,abating,abated?abase,abases,abasing,abased
abate -> abates,abating,abated?abase,abases,abasing,abased
abate -> abates,abating,abated?abase,abases,abasing,abased
abate -> abates,abating,abated?abase,abases,abasing,abased
abate -> abates,abating,abated?abase,abases,abasing,abased
abate -> abates,abating,abated?abase,abases,abasing,abased
abate -> abates,abating,abated?abase,abases,abasing,abased
abate -> abates,abating,abated?abase,abases,abasing,abased
abate -> abates,abating,abated?abase,abases,abasing,abased
abate -> abates,abating,abated?abase,abases,abasing,abased
abate -> abates,abating,abated?abase,abases,abasing,abased
abate -> abates,abating,abated?abase,abases,abasing,abased
abate -> abates,abating,abated?abase,abases,abasing,abased
abate -> abates,abating,abated?abase,abases,abasing,abased
abate -> abates,abating,abated?abase,abases,abasing,abased
abate -> abates,abating,abated?abase,abases,abasing,abased
abate -> abates,abating,abated?abase,abases,abasing,abased
abate -> abates,abating,abated?abase,abases,abasing,abased
abate -> abates,abating,abated?abase,abases,abasing,abased
abate -> abates,abating,abated?abase,abases,abasing,abased
abate -> abates,abating,abated?abase,abases,abasing,abased
abate -> abates,abating,abated?abase,abases,abasing,abased
abate -> abates,abating,abated?abase,abases,abasing,abased
abate -> abates,abating,abated?abase,abases,abasing,abased
abate -> abates,abating,abated?the.abase,abases,abasing,abased
abate -> abates,abating,abated?the.abase,abases,abasing,abased
abate -> abates,abating,abated?the.abase,abases,abasing,abased
abate -> abates,abating,abated?the.abase,abases,abasing,abased
abate -> abates,abating,abated?the.abase,abases,abasing,abased
abate -> abates,abating,abated?the.abase,abases,abasing,abased
abate -> abates,abating,abated?the.abase,abases,abasing,abased
abate -> abates,abating,abated?the.abase,abases,abasing,abased
abate -> abates,abating,abated?the.abase,abases,abasing,abased
abate -> abates,abating,abated?the.abase,abases,abasing,abased
abate -> abates,abating,abated?the.abase,abases,abasing,abased
abate -> abates,abating,abated?the.abase,abases,abasing,abased
abate -> abates,abating,abated?the.abase,abases,abasing,abased
abate -> abates,abating,abated?the.abase,abases,abasing,abased
abate -> abates,abating,abated?the.abase,abases,abasing,abased
abate -> abates,abating,abated?the.abase,abases,abasing,abased
abate -> abates,abating,abated?the.abase,abases,abasing,abased
abate -> abates,abating,abated?the.abase,abases,abasing,abased
abate -> abates,abating,abated?the.abase,abases,abasing,abased
abate -> abates,abating,abated?the.abase,abases,abasing,abased
abate -> abates,abating,abated?the.abase,abases,abasing,abased
abate -> abates,abating,abated?the.abase,abases,abasing,abased
abate -> abates,abating,abated?the.abase,abases,abasing,abased
abate -> abates,abating,abated?the.abase,abases,abasing,abased
abate -> abates,abating,abated?the.abase,abases,abasing,abased
abate -> abates,abating,abated?the.abase,abases,abasing,abased
abate -> abates,abating,abated?the.abase,abases,abasing,abased
abate -> abates,abating,abated?the.abase,abases,abasing,abased
abate -> abates,abating,abated?the.abase,abases,abasing,abased
abate -> abates,abating,abated?the.abase,abases,abasing,abased
abate -> abates,abating,abated?the.abase,abases,abasing,abased
abate -> abates,abating,abated?the.abase,abases,abasing,abased
abate -> abates,abating,abated?the.abase,abases,abasing,abased
abate -> abates,abating,abated?the.abase,abases,abasing,abased
abate -> abates,abating,abated?the.abase,abases,abasing,abased
abate -> abates,abating,abated?the.abase,abases,abasing,abased
abate -> abates,abating,abated?the.abase,abases,abasing,abased
abate -> abates,abating,abated?the.abase,abases,abasing,abased
abate -> abates,abating,abated?the.abase,abases,abasing,abased
abate -> abates,abating,abated?the.abase,abases,abasing,abased
abate -> abates,abating,abated?the.abase,abases,abasing,abased
abate -> abates,abating,abated?the.abase,abases,abasing,abased
abate -> abates,abating,abated?the.abase,abases,abasing,abased
abate -> abates,abating,abated?the.abase,abases,abasing,abased
abate -> abates,abating,abated?the.abase,abases,abasing,abased
abate -> abates,abating,abated?the.abase,abases,abasing,abased
abate -> abates,abating,abated?the.abase,abases,abasing,abased
abate -> abates,abating,abated?the.abase,abases,abasing,abased
abate -> abates,abating,abated?the.abase,abases,abasing,abased
abate -> abates,abating,abated?the.